add instructions to upload PKCS certs (#831)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/enterprise/updating-tls-cert.md

  Replace PROXY_SERVER with the name of the kurl-proxy server that you got in the previous step.

1. After the pod has restarted, direct your browser to `http://<ip>:8800/tls` and go through the upload process in the user interface.

## Update Custom PKCS #12 Certificates

> If you are using a custom PKCS certificate in Kubernetes installer cluster, you can manually upload a new certificate when the previous one expires.

Reviewer: I would maybe change this part since the PKCS12 isn't necessarily expired, but is rather a format that the admin console will not accept.

```suggestion
If you are using a custom PKCS certificate in Kubernetes installer cluster, you must remove the private key section before it can be accepted by the admin console.
```

To upload a new custom PKCS certificate:

1. Remove the `BEGIN/END` boundaries of PKCS private key section. Remove the content including the `BEGIN/END` boundaries which looks like

```bash
-----BEGIN ENCRYPTED PRIVATE KEY-----
<truncated base64 content>
-----END ENCRYPTED PRIVATE KEY-----
```

2. Run the following command to delete the old TLS parameters kubernetes secret.

```bash
kubectl delete secret kotsadm-tls

> ```

Reviewer 2: Do the `kubectl delete secret` and `kubectl annotate secret` commands need to specify a namespace?

Asking because it looks like the other procedure in this topic does use the `-n` flag, but not sure if it's necessary: https://deploy-preview-831--replicated-docs.netlify.app/enterprise/updating-tls-cert#update-custom-tls-certificates

If it's not necessary to specify the namespace, I'll remove it from the procedure above to make sure the commands are consistent

Reviewer 2: Also, just to confirm: The existing Uploading Custom TLS Certs procedure in this topic does not have a step that tells users they need to delete the kotsadm-tls secret. 

Should we add a new step to the Uploading Custom TLS Certs procedure in this topic to delete the secret? (Basically want to make sure I understand why this step to delete the kotsadm-tls secret appears in this procedure, but not in the other one)

> 3. Allow the new kotsadm-tls to be overwritten and wait for some seconds for the secret to be created by the new kurl-proxy pod

Reviewer 2: Wasn't sure what "new kurl-proxy pod" means here--does the user need to delete the kurl-proxy pod as well in order to have it automatically recreated?
